Friends Caroline and Andrea, who went to school together but now live in different towns,
talk about how they stay in touch.
We're phone each other, don't we?
Yes.
You tried FaceTime, aren't we?
But it doesn't work, does it?
No.
But we just phone each other every time.
Do you not have a laptop?
No, my sister won't let me have it.
Don't know why, she's too protective.
Too protective, my sister is.
Your sister's not here.
Yeah, but she's too protective, won't let me have it.
Yeah, yeah.
Do you have Facebook?
Yeah.
Oh yeah, we do, don't we?
But I'm not really good at spelling.
But I do try.
Yeah.
Do you talk to each other on Facebook?
Yeah, we do sometimes, don't we?
Yeah.
But we mainly phone each other, really, you know.